feat(docs): add TOTEM open data release announcement (#3710)
cernopendata/opendata.cern.ch: data/docs/totem-releases-first-set-of-open-data/totem-releases-first-set-of-open-data.md

> Today the TOTEM Collaboration has released the first data set on the CERN Open
> Data portal. The data taken by TOTEM are used to compute the proton-proton
> cross section at different collision energy from 7 to 13 TeV at the
> centre-of-mass. The data contain only the information from the Roman Pots
> detectors. These data can be used to study the proton-proton elastic scattering
> property. The open data release is accompanied by an example analysis measuring
> proton-proton elastic scattering cross section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, the TOTEM Collaboration published the first data set on the CERN Open Data Portal. Data recorded by TOTEM is used to measure the total cross section and to study elastic scattering in proton-proton collisions at the LHC for different centre-of-mass energies. The data set contains only the information from the Roman-Pot detectors. This data can be used to study elastic scattering at a centre-of-mass energy of 7 TeV. The open data release is accompanied by an example analysis showing how to measure the elastic scattering cross section as a function of the momentum transfer between the incoming protons and the total cross section.
```

Today, the TOTEM Collaboration published the first data set on the CERN Open
Data Portal. Data recorded by TOTEM is used to measure the total cross section
and to study elastic scattering in proton-proton collisions at the LHC for
different centre-of-mass energies. The data set contains only the information
from the Roman-Pot detectors. This data can be used to study elastic scattering
at a centre-of-mass energy of 7 TeV. The open data release is accompanied by an
example analysis showing how to measure the elastic scattering cross section as
a function of the momentum transfer between the incoming protons and the total
cross section.

This release notably contains:

- [2011 Proton scattering data from Roman Pots at energy sqrt(s) = 7 TeV](/record/84000)
- [Measurement of proton-proton elastic scattering and total cross-section at sqrt(s) = 7 TeV](/record/84001)

<p align="center">

>   <img src="/static/docs/totem-releases-first-set-of-open-data/totem-roman-pots-in-the-lhc-tunnel.jpeg/"

Reviewer 2: Typo in the src? It ends with a '/'

Author: Yes, I'll fix it. Locally it works fine, so it went unnoticed...
